Add warning and note about cabal init and script (#10327)
haskell/cabal: doc/getting-started.rst

    main :: IO ()
    main = haskellSay "Hello, Haskell!"

.. note::

    Widening or dropping version bound constraints on *packages included with

>     the compiler* [#boot-packages]_, like ``base``, will allow single-file
>     scripts to run with a wider range of compiler versions.

Reviewer: It is still too optimistic w.r.t. running with other versions of compiler because the script can be using something very specific to the current compiler version (e..g a particular language extension in the latest version of the compiler).
```suggestion
    the compiler* [#boot-packages]_, like ``base``, may allow single-file
    scripts to run with a wider range of compiler versions.
```

    main :: IO ()
    main = haskellSay "Hello, Haskell!"

.. note::

>     Version bounds are recommended but widening or dropping version bound
>     constraints on some packages, especially boot packages like base, for
>     single-file scripts will allow the script to run with a wider range of GHC
>     versions.

Reviewer: It tries to explain in one sentence a complicated matter with several prerequisites: the reader should know about dependency solving and general and, more importantly, how the process is special for boot libraries (which, more or less, pin versions of GHC). I doubt getting-started is a good place for touching upon such a complex matter at all. But if we have to, the note should be more fair about pros and cons, I think:

```suggestion
    Avoiding version bounds on a boot package, like ``base``, makes running
    the script easier with a different GHC. On the flip side, we lose the information about
    the version of ``base`` (and, therefore, GHC) that the script definitely runs with.
```

Author: @ulysses4ever I didn't keep "On the flip side, we lose the information about the version of ``base`` (and, therefore, GHC) that the script definitely runs with". I'm cautious and wary and wouldn't trust any script to definitely run.
